It's hot today, isn't it already a rainy season?
Surely I will buy training goods today I think today
Oh dear
me
ni
It is Kure 556 nostalgic something
The trend of North Elementary School I often use this is a single mini 4WD
It is sometimes irritating I do is I Seriously ultra-fast was popular Gee smoked this
Do I think was really this'm faster to refer to the Toka motor is doing with this Dakehon
Isn't it good?
After doing
Medium and useless like rules use it is a little is this but is Ha' phlegm in my local
It's a bicycle
Rust I've been Dechotto in this
It seems to stop rusting and stop movement and improve movement .
How to roll should and I would stand not a abus loader of these Without
It is not
I 'm going to do something different, but this is a smart loader this is this
It is a guy selling it at Donki
Bend the elbow and quite too much at the time of the high school students go through at the time of the 63 th of you is by high school students
It's gone but it hurts
so
And I no longer length recently guy or that I bought about last year or rather bought
This is the third one but it's really small
Well
The
Standing doing seriously with anti-I Do you know the most tough guy now that I bought this
In the standing state
High
I think I do this for the first time from here do this after the
There I go
Another Back Tteyuu in the state this now standing still in I do this but it was a Hitotsuko
This is what I think is the strongest
I can not do Jackie Chan
That's great
I want to be a little while I can do it
Since I bought this, 37 is honest , I think it is impossible if I still have some knees
but
As soon as possible
As soon as possible at any time Dondake
I am an ophthalmologist but I think I will try my best
Eight models a little I still a
This to the absolute impossible to state that the standing Is a little sore or day-to-day
right
Follow
Has entered
It is absolutely impossible without becoming
This is referred to as the can seems this impossible life not stick this ne person looking legs knee
A little
Well Well it becomes not a little less seriously a little each in a box
It also comes with a layout
me
e 4
Oh
Ah ah ah ah
For now
10 times 3 sets I
Go for a while and increase the number little by little
I guess I'm getting down
I think so, so a little
I would like to try a little mountain chicken and 0 little seriously
The bride is
That is to come back people you really want to become a Kin meat Man
It will have the last towards the because it is this standing fan
The loader but this I kinda want to go to the daughter-in-law to Chinami
This is all right
All right
Because I did not stick, especially damage to the floor I was tried to say now it 10 times
By myself
It was written that I felt like it would be a shame if I never did it without that degree
I want to avoid it
Actually
I am
car
For now
I will do my best not to overdo it
I wonder how much everyone in this whole corn is in this one bag
Absolutely heard Once you surprised you'll price a whopping
100 yen
It is 100 yen
And I bought not think that doing Come fly bet those one example little
Killing even killed also I think rattan also kill with your kana in hot water
And it is also such a
It's just jazzy greenery that just comes out
I feel I'm Dondake
I'm watching that movie now, but in the goal town Oh, that's Wolf of the state All
Street
Sorry for the long time
Following 79 minutes
Softening Shi grinded
I will sleep well with my fifa
It is a daughter-in-law, but it is a little bit 1 I'm getting better at the end of my physical condition, but still a little
It looks like you're in the hospital and it's been a while in the hospital for a while until something is completely cured.
Stone
It is two days a day, but a little hospital this weekend
Take a rest from it again
I say that I want to study
Because it was
Do n't worry because it's getting a little better
Or thank you to dominate say
Hey also the time being sleep you data is also of tomorrow
See you at my husband and wife 's blog Good night
Ah ah ah
Nice nice nice nice
me
tai